  CASE MDS*14905
  
  
  	updated spec 12/21 


•	Step 1: Vendor information entered into portal. 
Ideally MDS and VENDOR PORTAL AND PROCESSING WEBSITE speak to each other so either vendors entered 
in website and populates MDS or vice versa. 
TBD what info will be entered into the Vendor Portal and Processing website 
•	Step 2: Vendor enters invoice in VENDOR PORTAL AND PROCESSING WEBSITE: 
o	Post Meeting (end of next biz day) – MDS send links via VENDOR PORTAL AND PROCESSING WEBSITE
 to all vendors after going through manual approval by Inception to login to site to get set up to get paid. 
o	Vendors logs in with a username and password. Login information would be saved in the vendor profile. 
o	Once vendor logs in, they would able to: 
?	Click on a link to see all their open purchase orders. 
?	Submit invoices by clicking on individual purchase order. 
The purchase order would list the items/cost for each line item and the vendor would have the option to: 
•	Submit PO as is and enter vendor invoice number. Expect this to occur 90 percent of time for AV. Not sure on Planner 
•	Email accounting that there is a discrepancy and send an invoice with updated info. 
If vendor sent invoice due to discrepancy, accounting would send AV group updated invoice and purchase order.
 AV group would review and make necessary changes to PO. Once fixed, AV group would send Invoice back to finance to be paid manually. 
•	Step 3: Accounting able to download all vendor invoices into a spreadsheet with following 7 columns. 
Accounting group can do this download at any time and can create download by invoice date, vendor invoice number, vendor number, or PO number: 
Invoice Date (equals date meeting ends and cannot be ammended. 
Invoice date and meeting date must be same. If multiple day project, 
invoice date equals date project ends	
INVDATE (Vendor Invoice DATE)
INVNO (Vendor Invoice Number)	
VENDOR (MDS Vendor #)	
PONO (AVS PO Number)	
COST OF ITEMS IN PURCHASE ORDER	
TAX (any tax from vendor) 
AMOUNT (total amount of invoice including tax) 
